=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 24=
(Longting One)
A little thank-you.
Please accept it.
(Longting One)
Longting One?
Yes.
The most expensive estate in Jinzhou.
A05,
the largest villa there.
I'm sorry,
but this isn't what I want.
I know exactly what you want,
but I can't grant that.
I have to honor my late friend's wish.
Aside from the formula,
anything else,
I'd give with both hands.
Even Ye Changying and An Chengqi's
son?
Yes, only to him.
That child belonged to my old friend.
It was his to begin with.
Unfortunately,
he's no longer alive.
How do you know?
Mr. Qin,
I'm not dead.
I'm
Ye Chen,
their son.
You look
just like them.
The eyes,
the nose,
the face.
So much like your parents.
Ye Chen,
you're really alive?
This is amazing!
I must have been blind.
How did I not see it sooner?
Wait here.
Ye Chen,
take this.
Years ago, when your dad
planned to return with the formula,
he secretly gave me
this USB drive
containing part of the data.
That car accident back then
wasn't an accident.
You mean someone
tried to steal the formula
and caused the car accident
that killed my parents?
Including
your appearance and Madam Li's death,
maybe all of that was part of the plan.
So do you
still think all of this was
just a coincidence?
After the tragedy
in the Ye family,
they tried
to find you but got no leads.
Later,
they even
said you were dead.
That's not what Tang Sihai told me.
Looks like
he hid you on purpose.
He was
your dad's personal butler.
But a year before the accident,
they had a huge fight
and never spoke again.
Do you suspect him?
I suspect everyone.
I've tried so hard
to remember my parents,
but nothing comes back.
Even their faces
are fading from my memory.
It's normal.
You were so young,
and you went through so much trauma.
They wouldn't blame you.
Their deaths weren't accidents.
Like Madam Li,
they died because of me.
Ye Chen,
don't blame yourself.
If it weren't for my illness,
they wouldn't have
researched the formula.
If it weren't for the formula, I...
The world doesn't work on "ifs."
You did nothing wrong.
Blame those
who tried to steal the formula.
I'll find them.
All of them.
Them?
Qin Gang gave me his belongings.
I've checked.
Only one piece remains
for the complete formula.
Who do you think
has it?
(Tang Sihai)
You suspect Tang Sihai?
If Qin Gang's right,
he's linked
to my parents' deaths
and Madam Li's.
Churan,
no matter who he is,
I won't let them get away.
I want you
to take your parents
and hide until I finish...
What are you saying?
We agreed
to face hardships together.
I'll always be by your side.
Hello.
The number you dialed isn't answering.
Please try again later.
Mr. Tang,
what do we do now?
Things are
getting lively.
(Dihao Group)
Everyone is finally showing their hand.
Ye Chen wants to keep that formula.
It won't be easy.
♪Happy birthday to you♪
Happy birthday.
Whose birthday?
Yours.
I didn't even know my birthday.
From now on,
today's your birthday.
This is not just your birthday.
It's a fresh start for our whole family.
Chen,
I'm sorry.
It took me over a year
to see how good you are.
You're not just good to Churan.
You've
been great to us too.
Thank you
for getting this family
back on its feet.
Chen,
I always knew you were good.
From now on,
this is your home.
Treat us like your parents.
Our whole family
will be happy and together.
Thank you, Dad.
Thank you, Mom.
We're family now.
No need for formalities.
Come on, light the candles.
What did you wish for?
I wished we could
move into a big house.
A huge villa.
That's
perfect!
Let's work hard.
Chen, I trust you!
Cheers!
- Cheers!
Happy birthday!
Why did you tell them
you wanted a new house?
Isn't it fine here?
It's
perfect.
This is the only place
that feels like home.
Then why did you say that?
It's a special time.
As thanks,
Qin Gang gave me a villa.
Security's better there.
(Longting One)
Mr. Hong can watch over your parents.
Longting One?
Take a look at this house.
Chen,
you really wished for this?
Seems impossible.
This is Jinzhou's
most exclusive estate.
Just
the thought
touches us.
But let's
be realistic.
Let's find something
more modest.
Lan,
you're looking here too?
We...
We're just browsing.
Your old place could use an upgrade.
Ye Chen,
heard you're doing well.
Show your mother-in-law some respect.
Ye Chen,
don't just look.
Buy one.
With your resources,
shouldn't be a problem, right?
Of course.
As long as they like it.
If I were buying,
I wouldn't pick a high-rise.
It has to be a villa,
and the biggest one.
Come here, miss.
Hurry.
Yes, sir.
Introduce your villas
to this distinguished client.
Our villa community features
a unique basement-level design,
and it creates a synergy
where one plus one is greater than two.
Name the price.
300,000 per square meter.
300,000?
What about that A05 unit?
Right this way.
A05 is one of our premium properties
in Longting One.
Name the price.
180 million.
Mom, Dad, do you like it?
Love it!
If I could live here,
I'd die happy!
But...
Then this will be our home.
Sorry, sir,
this villa's sold.
I know.
I'm the owner.
Ye Chen,
wake up.
Stop daydreaming.
You just spout nonsense.
I'm not here to look at houses today.
I'm here to collect the keys.
(Longting One)
Here's the key card.
Please check it.
Alright, sir.
Will there be another miracle this time?
(Welcome home, Ye Chen, A05 owner.)
Welcome home,
Ye Chen, owner of A05.
Mr. Ye,
welcome home.
Let's go.
Wow!
So luxurious!
Look at all this!
Handmade!
Mom, Dad,
even
a home theater!
Seen enough?
Where did you get this money?
I know.
You must have
embezzled from the Xiao family.
Xiao Churan,
you're bold!
You're pretty funny.
Does Xiao Group
even have this much?
Where did this villa come from?
You must have done something illegal!
Yes,
that's it!
Just confess already!
I...
Mr. Ye,
the paperwork's done.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Mr. Qin specifically
said the villa
was designed to his taste.
If you want changes,
renovate it.
Thank him for me.
Will do.
- Mr. Qin?
- Qin Gang gave this to you?
I never said I bought it myself.
A grand villa in Longting One!
I finally live here!
Chen,
I really have to thank you!
It's nothing, Mom.
Why are you leaving so soon?
Aren't you looking around more?
Leaving already?
If the first floor's this grand,
the second must be amazing!
Come by often!
I've lived half my life,
only to have my younger brother's family
look down on me!
Qin Gang
must be blind!
Aodong should've been mine,
and this villa too!
My villa!
Hello.
You were right.
Ye Chen really
got the villa from Qin Gang.
Understood.
Make arrangements.
I'll handle it here.
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪